Adds suggestions on how to upgrade to v1.0 in README.md (#1105)
lostisland/faraday: README.md

Available at [rubydoc.info](http://www.rubydoc.info/gems/faraday).

## Faraday 1.0

Faraday 1.0 will ship soon! Faraday 0.17 will be the last 0.x release, except for serious bugs or security issues.
Faraday 1.0 is a major release, but it will be mostly backwards-compatible with 0.x, so we strongly encourage you
to use it on your next projects and/or consider to upgrade your existing ones.
Upgrading is simple:

* Checkout the new code from [`master`](https://github.com/lostisland/faraday) and the new [Documentation Website](https://lostisland.github.io/faraday/).
* If you're upgrading an existing project, check the [UPGRADING](https://github.com/lostisland/faraday/blob/master/UPGRADING.md) file.

> * You can also enable warnings that will point out behaviours in your code that need upgrading, you can do so by setting `FARADAY_DEPRECATE=warn` or `FARADAY_DEPRECATE=1` in ENV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can also enable upgrade warnings on apps with Faraday 0.x if you run them with `FARADAY_DEPRECATE=warn` or `FARADAY_DEPRECATE=1` in ENV.
```
